(strident trumpet scream)
(upbeat R&B music)
♪ Yo, fight ♪
♪ Yo, what's up, man ♪
♪ Hey, man, I was having
this pretty sound ♪
♪ Yeah, what you doing, man ♪
♪ What's wrong with that ♪
♪ Man, I was doing the ooh ♪
♪ Hey, yo, man, that's ah, it's ah ♪
♪ Ah, what's up, ah, ah ♪
♪ What's up, old boys ♪
♪ Ah, what's up with that ♪
♪ Stuck that man, ain't rabbit ♪
♪ I got the cosmo ♪
♪ Hey, man, go ahead,
take it to the cosmo ♪
♪ I say, I said I got the cosmo ♪
♪ Ooh, Geoffrey, going
down to 165th Street ♪
♪ Passing that mall, oh ♪
♪ Oh, man, our hips ♪
♪ Oh, man, don't do it to me ♪
♪ Oh, dancing, walking, dancing, walking ♪
♪ Oh, man, she looked like Betty Boob ♪
♪ Betty Boob ♪
♪ Do the do ♪
♪ Boob, boob, be boob ♪
♪ Betty Boob and a alley-oop
was jumping up and down ♪
♪ Said Betty Boob to the alley-oop ♪
♪ Don't hit me in my ♪
♪ Oh, man ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Hey, baby, come here ♪
♪ What's up with you ♪
♪ Where's the baby ♪
♪ Baby, it's okay ♪
♪ What's up ♪
♪ Hey, what's up, Earl ♪
♪ Hey, come on, come on ♪
♪ Let me guard over here ♪
♪ What's that, what's up with that ♪
♪ What's that, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪
Jamaica funk, that's what it is
♪ Let it get into you ♪
♪ Come on, I've got a groove ♪
♪ You know where I'll be ♪
♪ Funking for Jamaica ♪
♪ If you feel it ♪
(upbeat R&B music)
♪ Let it get into you ♪
♪ Jamaica funk, that's what it is ♪
♪ Baby, let it get into you ♪
♪ You, ooh ♪
♪ Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk ♪
♪ Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk ♪
♪ Hey, man, guitar Brown ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Hey, man, he is an ordinary guy, ha ha ♪
♪ Yeah, he is ♪
♪ What's up with that ♪
♪ He always says you wanna play ♪
♪ You wanna play, you wanna
play, play, we could do it ♪
♪ Anybody at school's ever
played, I don't know ♪
♪ Hey, what's up ♪
♪ All he talks about is boozes ♪
♪ Boozes, booze, booze ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Booze, ah, man ♪
♪ What, he goes get the fuck out, ha, ha ♪
(upbeat R&B music)
♪ I feel it inside my soul ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, oh, yeah ♪
♪ Let it get into you ♪
♪ Somebody call the cops ♪
♪ 'Cause there's enough
to go all the way around ♪
♪ Let it get into you ♪
♪ Let it fill you up inside ♪
♪ This feeling's funk, that's what it is ♪
(upbeat R&B music)
♪ Let it get into you ♪
♪ Jamaica funk, that's what it is ♪
♪ Baby, come funk with me ♪
♪ We be funking for Jamaica ♪
♪ If you feel it ♪
(upbeat R&B music)
♪ Let it get into you ♪
♪ Jamaica funk, that's what it is ♪
♪ Yeah, let it get into you ♪
♪ If you feel it ♪
(upbeat R&B music)
♪ Let it get into you ♪
♪ Jamaica funk, that's what it is ♪
♪ Baby, come funk with me ♪
♪ We be funking for Jamaica ♪
♪ I feel it ♪
♪ And I let it get into me ♪
♪ Jamaica funk, that's what it was ♪
♪ Let it get into you, too ♪
♪ Let you feel the funk ♪
♪ That feeling's funk,
that's what it was ♪